Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I've been following her
for the last two weeks.
Four days ago, she signed up
for a tour to Ukraine.
She's working with a contact,
but we don't know who he is.
Her name is "Natasha...
'"Ru-ru...
'"Ru-kruchus..."
OK. Thank you, Jackie.
Well done.
Thank you.
Bill,
I'd like to talk with you.
Me? OK.
Excuse me.
Jackie, the CIA guy
said you did great work.
They were impressed.
They said you have
to work with them again.
When I get a chance.
All right. So you agree.
You will stay on the case.
You mean I have
to follow her to Ukraine?
I promise, this will be easy.
The CIA have so many people.
Why did they choose me?
They think Natasha's contact
may be suspicious...
so they want a new face.
But I don't know
the language or place.
This is all you have to do--
follow her onto the plane...
watch her,
record her movements...
and turn your notes over
when you arrive.
I just watch her on the plane?
That's right.
What can she do on a plane?
-That's all I do?
-That's almost all you do.
But there's one important thing.
Take a few days vacation
out there.
You deserve it.
Let the Ukrainians
take care of things.
Relax and have fun.
That's an order.
Yes, sir.
Remember to buy me some caviar.
-Good morning.
-Welcome to the Ukraine.
-Mark.
This is Commander Korda,
Department of Security.
-Nice to meet you.
-Did you find anything?
No. But she went
to the toilet seven times.
There's the timetable.
She didn't talk to anyone.
Thanks, Jackie. You're done.
We'll take over from here.
Very good.
One thousand dollars.
-Any other currency?
-No.
Your accommodation is fixed.
Your flight is tomorrow.
Here's some pocket money.
One billion.
One billion?
A telephone.
Dial 0-1 if you need us.
-Simple, huh?
-Pretty simple.
Marina will show you
to your car.
Oh, yes.
Have fun.
It's line two.
Hello. It's Natasha.
It's a tap.
Sorry. Wrong number.
-They're onto us. Let's go.
-Call the strike force.
Natasha Rushinski,
please come to lnformation.
-Thank you.
-Have a good holiday.
Natasha Rushinski, come with us.
Take her away.
-She's with my tour.
-It's not your business.
I'm with
the Department of Security.
I have orders.
Talk to my commander.
Bastard!
-They've taken the girl.
-What?
-She's gone.
-Who is his commander?
-Natasha was taken away.
-When?
-Two for five million?
-This is the best there is.
Thank you.
Follow the car! Quick!
Slow down! The road is closed.
Go that way.
Natasha. Thank God.
I go and look. You wait.
Wait in here, please.
You will be warmer.
Mark, I saw Natasha.
What happened?
-Where?
-She went into a church.
Keep following her.
Don't let them see you.
Try and get a street name
and call us.
I'll try.
Major Majenko!
Tsui!
Your strike force saved Natasha.
Thank you for sending them in.
Your problem is my problem.
Yes. And I got your stuff here.
Excellent.
The arrangements have been made
just as we discussed.
This is for your expenses,
and this is your new passport...
with an American visa.
Your money is already
in your Swiss bank account.
Very good.
Take the shell apart and
send them to these addresses.
I'll take the guidance system
and the uranium core with me.
I've got our insurance.
Let's go.
I'll call you.
Make sure the money is there.
Please be careful.
-I love you.
-I love you, too.
I'll see you later.
I'll wait for you there.
It's me. I found a new suspect.
Who is he?
I don't know.
Where are you?
Let me see.
I can't read the sign.
Can you spell it out?
'"C-h-i-k--" No.
Left-right "K."
Left and right "K."
H-i-k...
'"P-a-t-n."
Reverse "N."
We got it!
We're on our way.
Package for Alexander Nevsky.
Thanks.
Are you going
on the slopes today?
Can I help you?
-Skis, snowboard?
-Snowboard.
-First-timer?
-Yes.
This way, please.
Thank you.
Hello?
I want to rent one of these.
Hello? Natasha.
Is the money deposited?
No. It's a wire transfer.
The check didn't clear.
It takes three days to process.
I'll call you again.
Department of Security.
Come with us.
Hey, mister. Buy a hat, please.
Here. I'll take it.
-Please buy our hats.
-How much?
-Forty.
-Keep the change.
Thank you.
Where can I get some clothes?
Jackie, where are you?
Suspect just went through
the security area.
He's in some security area.
Tell him to keep going.
Keep moving. Go ahead.
No! There's a picture.
If I go through,
I'll get shot.
But the sign says he'll be shot.
It's just for kids.
It's just for kids. Go ahead.
Get the men together!
Prepare to move out.
Welcome, my friend.
-We've been waiting for you.
-That's good.
Where the hell are you?
About two miles...upside...
west of restricted area sign.
Two miles west of
the restricted area sign.
Hurry up. I'm freezing.
Put on more clothes.
OK. Clothes.
My boss is waiting.
There's someone out in area "B."
Who is it?
Maybe Chinese.
-Who did you bring with you?
-Nobody.
They're inside.
-See anyone else?
-I didn't see anybody around.
Stay back.
We will handle the arrest.
Let's go. Move in!
It's bloody freezing here!
Nice hat. Aren't you cold?
What do you think?
All units stand by.
The enemy has arrived.
Give me the briefcase.
Don't move! Back off!
Tell your people
not to open fire.
I have a detonator
wired to the uranium core.
Freeze! Don't move!
Hey! It's a trap!
Don't shoot!
Grab the case! Get it!
Jackie, go!
Get the snowmobile!
Tsui! What are you doing here?
Get the chopper off the ground!
Jackie, over here!
Shoot him ! Shoot him !
Let's go!
Go! Move!
Go on! Go!
Move!
Don't move!
Little more!
Give me your hand! Come on!
There! Over there!
Get the case!
Hello, Jackie.
Who are you?
I'm Colonel Gregor Yegorov
of the Federal Security Bureau.
Huh?
FSB for short.
The new, improved KGB.
KGB? Am I in Russia?
Yes. We're connected to the
Ukraine Department of Security.
I know about your operation
with the CIA.
The FSB generals
want to see you.
You are coming to Moscow
with me today.
-Can you help me?
-Yes.
Turn off all those things.
I'm very hot.
Welcome. We need your help
to find the arms dealer...
who smuggled out a nuclear
warhead a few days ago.
His name is Tsui.
He was recruited by the CIA...
to steal uranium
production strategies...
from the Russian government.
He has been under investigation
for years.
We believe he has a sister
living in Australia.
Her name is Annie.
We want you to find her.
This mission is very important
to our national security.
I'll have to call
my superior in Hong Kong.
We did. They have agreed
to attach you to our mission.
We're not flying to Australia
in this, are we?
Part of the way.
Where are we going now?
We're going down.
-To the submarine?
-Yes.
Colonel.
We're heading to Australia now.
There will be a fisherman's boat
taking us in.
Everything is already
arranged for you.
Are we being smuggled in?
No. I wouldn't use that term.
The boat will pick us up.
Uncle Bill! I'm in Australia
having a great time!
I'm talking to you
while enjoying my great view!
Wow! Working
for the FSB is great.
I have a presidential suite
with two levels.
Eight thousand square feet,
with pool, sauna, and Jacuzzi.
Wait. Hold on a second.
My koala bear just came out.
What? ln your hotel room?
It's only
a stuffed toy, right?
No! It's the real thing.
Say hello to Uncle Bill.
He's too shy.
Don't hang up. Hold on.
You have to wait.
I have to carry it back.
Good boy. Good boy.
Yes?
Excuse me, sir.
Your tea is ready.
Thank you very much.
He's living it up.
I should have gone with him.
There you go.
That's OK now.
Really, I'm not making this up.
What else?
A great car, money.
Lots of designer clothing--
all given to me.
I feel almost like James Bond,
except no gorgeous girls.
If all this is for real,
you should be careful.
OK. So long. Bye-bye.
Think he went crazy?
Maybe he's overworked.
Wow. Look at these briefs.
Boy, you must be popular.
Own line of underwear.
Who'd wear those?
-One adult?
-Yes.
Fifteen-fifty, please.
Excuse me.
I'm looking for Annie Tsui.
Annie?
She's in a show right now.
Your brother and I
are sworn brothers.
He came back?
He did?
Actually, I don't know.
He told me you are working here.
I'm here on vacation.
Sorry I have to leave so soon.
My dad's been hospitalized.
-Thanks.
-No problem.
Your job must be dangerous.
No, not really.
Sharks will only go crazy
when they smell blood.
They see anything that moves,
that's when they bite.
As long as you don't move,
nothing will happen to you.
Now I know.
If I ever see a shark...
I'll pretend to be a rock
and not move.
I have to get to the hospital
to see Dad.
If there's nothing else,
I'll be going.
Thanks for the flowers.
Cari Ann? Put that on my tab.
-No problem.
-Thank you.
Bye-bye.
I have never met Mr. Tsui.
Can I go to hospital with you?
All right. Why don't you
wait at the front gate?
-I'll be right there.
-OK.
Hi, Gregor. I met his sister.
I'm going to hospital with her.
Very good. I'll meet you there.
Excuse me, please.
There's a box for you here.
I'm going to the hospital.
I'll pick it up later.
-OK. Bye.
-Bye-bye.
-Hey, Allen.
-Hi.
Hi, Daddy.
Are you better today?
Dad, I want you to meet
Tsui's sworn brother.
Never heard him mention you.
I'm Allen. And your name is?
I'm Jackie.
-Box receiving?
-All operating.
Are you feeling better?
What did the doctor say?
I'm fine, good girl.
Why has my eldest son
never spoken of you?
I'm not his sworn brother.
I'm with Hong Kong police.
I'm investigating your son
stealing nuclear weapon.
Can I talk to you privately?
-What did he say?
-He's a policeman.
Tell me why
you are looking for my son.
Do you know what
your son does for a living?
I haven't seen him
in a long time.
Even when I'm dying,
he does not come to see me.
The Tsui family
no longer has this son.
Thank you.
I hope you get better soon.
I didn't mean to lie to you.
I hope that hurt.
You lied to me.
Why couldn't you lie to my dad?
My father loves
his eldest son most.
Just let him die peacefully.
Get away from me.
If I had any news,
I would never let you know.
Please leave us now.
Please be quiet
or leave the hospital.
Go. Please.
Brother.
Where have you been?
Why are you dressed like that?
Look at yourself in that outfit.
You know Dad's having surgery?
Yes, I know.
I already spoke to him.
Come in.
That man out there works
for the new Russian mafia.
He's not a policeman.
You must never believe this man.
Uncle Seven is going
to surgery this afternoon.
-What about Tsui?
-He said he hasn't seen him.
I sent you something
yesterday by messenger.
Did you get it?
I got it this morning.
You have to hide it in
the safest place you can find.
Understand?
What if Uncle Seven dies
and the good son doesn't show?
If he dies,
he'll show up for sure.
Why are you so sure?
He's the eldest son
in the family.
He has to...
carry a flat bag of water.
What is all this?
That's a Chinese tradition.
Someone may be
following you already.
Always be careful.
I'm sorry.
Take this. You might need it
when you follow the girl.
Wow. Now I'm 007.
-Hi. Can I pick up my package?
-Sure.
Underwater World
is now closing.
-Here you go.
-Thanks. Bye.
We hope
you've enjoyed your day.
Thank you.
-I thought you'd gone already.
-Not yet.
-OK. Bye-bye.
-Bye-bye.
You scared me.
Bye-bye.
Good jump.
I will follow you...
Follow you wherever you may...
Keep singing.
There isn't an ocean too deep...
You, out.
A mountain so high...
I think
he's following the girl.
I must follow you...
Ever since
you touched my hand, I knew...
That near you
I always must be...
And nothing
can keep you from me...
You are my destiny...
I love you, I love you...
And where you go,
I follow, I follow...
I follow...
You'll always be my true love,
my true love...
For now until forever...
Forever, forever...
I will follow you...
What's going on?
We've lost the feed.
Track down Jackie's car.
Give me the location.
Follow you--
Come on back.
Wherever you may go...
It's all right.
He won't bite you.
What are you doing?
Oh, my God!
He's at the Underwater World.
Obviously,
something is going wrong there.
-Now we can talk.
-Yes.
I know you're with
the Hong Kong police.
Who are you working with?
Used to be CIA. Now it's FSB.
-A complicated background.
-It was quite simple.
The man you're working for
is Gregor Yegorov.
Do you know him, too?
Call him now. Here.
Hello. Yes.
This is Jackie speaking.
What the hell is going on?
Hello? Jackie?
-It's me.
-Who is this?
It's Tsui.
So you want to get rid
of me without paying?
-Oh, no.
-I want double now.
In cash. You got three days.
I have your phone now.
I'll call you...
and let you know where
and when to meet.
We need to talk about this.
I'm sorry
I had to do that to you...
but look at
what's in your second button.
You'll find them in your car
and everything they gave you...
including this pair
of very ugly underwear.
You're under surveillance
at every moment.
The less you know
the safer you are.
By the way, Jackie...
you're a lousy singer.
Everything is here,
but the jacket is missing.
Here is the wallet.
-Are you OK?
-Yes.
-Where is Tsui?
-He's gone.
-What did he tell you?
-What do you think?
Seems like you have
some kind of deal going on.
Don't believe what he said.
He's an expert in mind games.
He's a top CIA agent.
Maybe you're right,
but how do you explain this?
We have to look out for you.
It's part of our job.
You wanted me to find Tsui?
Now he found you.
I will write a full report to
my superior and your superior.
I'm out. That's your clothes.
That's your car.
This my wallet.
Bye.
I'm going. Bye-bye.
Now kill him !
Not yet.
Let's have some fun first.
Had enough?
What are you doing
taking so long?
This guy can move like a monkey.
Don't push me...or I jump.
OK. Go ahead.
Come and get me.
Go get him !
You go and get him !
Who is it?
Honey, is that you?
Hello?
Who are you?
Me?
I'm the window cleaner.
Window cleaner?
Cripes!
You've got to be joking!
Who are you?
I'm the dry cleaner.
Dry cleaner?
Anna?
Now they want
to silence me forever.
Hey, hold on a second.
So who wants
to silence you forever?
-Gregor.
-But you are working for him.
Did you call the police?
I don't have a passport.
I come over illegally.
I'll call the Australian police.
You report this tomorrow,
and they'll help you.
Just find some hotel
to spend the night tonight.
A hotel? I don't have money
to pay for this call.
I have to hang up now!
What are your plans
for tonight?
I'll sleep on the street.
We are two hours ahead.
Get out of my bed!
Sorry.
Anyone here?
No. He's on vacation.
-Yes?
-Give me a hand.
-Yes.
-Hit the wall.
Harder.
Good night.
I'm sorry, Miss Tsui...
but your father's murderer
is still at large.
Your family may be in danger.
Go back with your brother
and get some rest.
We'll send a uniformed unit
to take you home...
and protect you 24 hours.
-Thank you, sir.
-Bye, miss.
Come, Annie. Let's go home.
We've got a tough one
on our hands, Louis.
Get this videotape analyzed...
see if the suspect
really is the guy on the tape.
Contact Hong Kong police,
get a positive ID on this guy.
There's big trouble
in Brisbane's Chinatown.
The man
who controlled it all...
There you go. Can I help you?
Yes, sir.
Can I have some change, please?
Sure.
Saint Paul Memorial Hospital
last night...
Although unnoticed by staff...
the killer was spotted by
hospital security cameras...
and after looking
at the video...
Sir, here's your money.
Daughter believes the suspect
to be a Hong Kong policeman...
known to her only as Jackie
who visited Uncle Seven.
Police have yet
to pinpoint a motive.
The killer is on the loose
and the subject of a manhunt.
Thank you.
Authorities fear
that the murderer...
That was the murder suspect.
Look!
And now to...
I didn't kill your father.
-Call the cops!
-Please wait.
If I really killed him,
would I come and see you?
Get him !
Please listen to me!
Let me say just one thing!
-You want me to call the police?
-Wait.
Wait. Hear me out.
Can you please tell me
where your brother's hiding?
Why do you want him?
Only your brother can prove
I am not a killer.
It's you!
Let's beat him up first.
Please.
Please listen to me!
-Brother?
-He didn't kill our father.
Come with me.
Let's go downstairs.
Let's go.
I think we know
who the murderer is.
Gregor wants to force you out.
What is the history
between you two?
Three years ago,
I was in the Ukraine...
collecting nuclear intelligence
for the CIA.
The KGB caught me
with my girlfriend Natasha.
They threatened to kill her.
They forced me
to become a double agent.
To save Natasha, I had to agree.
Gregor was with the KGB?
Yes. He's now the head
of the new Russian mafia...
and makes use of his connections
as an FSB officer.
So he wants
to buy a nuclear warhead?
Yes, but not for himself.
He uses the nuclear weapons
to secure oil franchises...
in the Middle Eastern countries.
You should give the warhead
to the police right away.
I can't do that.
Not until I get my money.
How many people
have you killed for money?
Your father died
because you wanted the money.
Do you know
how many nuclear weapons...
have been sold over the world
by military superpowers?
I know that is the truth.
We cannot change it.
You cannot use that
as an excuse.
I'm not as idealistic as you.
I'm not idealistic,
but if we cannot stop them...
we should not encourage them.
Just for money,
you murdered Father.
I will never forgive you
for that.
I'll expose Gregor
for what he is...
and give you evidence
of his crimes...
but I'll need you to help me.
I know.
When I first started
at the CIA...
I had so much ambition,
but since then...
I've done a lot of things
I'm not very proud of.
They wouldn't let me
contact my family.
I lost my identity.
If I hadn't agreed to do
those things for Gregor...
I would have died
three years ago.
Brother.
Let us remember...
that in God's good graces
we will all find shelter...
for His is a mercy without end.
We're at the funeral
of Uncle Seven...
the head of the Golden Dragon
Association...
who was brutally murdered
last week.
There's a strong police presence
here today...
to escort the spirit
of Uncle Seven to Chinatown.
BKO, this is Bravo 8-40.
We're leaving Holy Trinity
with Annie Tsui.
Help! Help! No!
Careful. Lots of police here.
I'm here at Wickham Square.
Where are you?
No! Let go!
You even share the same
coffin with your father.
The coffin is for you.
You killed my father.
He had to die somehow.
At least he died for a reason.
If you move one more step,
I'll blow your head off.
Open!
Damn! I can't see a thing.
I need backup. Hurry!
Now what?
Killing me won't bring him back.
Give me the bomb,
and I'll give you the money.
And then you'll
never see me again.
You think your money can pay
for my father's life?
No. I guess not,
but I got your sister.
Look.
She's young, sexy,
and beautiful.
You don't want her to die.
You bastard!
Move again, I'll break your arm.
Hurry! Give me your hand!
If you don't give me the bomb,
I'll kill both of you right now.
I know you've got it here.
You have to let her go first.
Brother!
Annie, get out of here.
Hurry up.
Give my stuff to the police.
Put him in the coffin.
Come on! Move!
Go! Quick!
Can I help you?
Yes. Thank you.
Yes! Get out!
Give me your hands!
Help me, Jackie!
Don't move! Hang in there!
I'm on my way!
Excuse me.
Help me! Help!
Please stop this thing!
-Please, help me.
-Here you go, miss.
-You OK?
-Yes.
How did you get on top
of the elevator?
Thank you very much.
Hang on a minute.
We got to write a report
and call the police.
Central security,
we're on the top floor.
The girl's OK.
Would you call the police?
Mick and me are coming down
to fill out a report.
You look very familiar.
I've seen you before.
Don't move!
He hasn't got a gun.
-Oh, lady!
-I'm sorry.
Just go!
Follow me.
We're live at Wickham Square...
where the funeral
of Uncle Seven...
has turned into the biggest
gang war in Chinatown.
A group of alleged members
of the new Russian mafia...
gunned down the ceremony
with a rocket-propelled grenade.
Police say
the murder suspect, Jackie...
was last seen escaping
with Uncle Seven's daughter.
Investigations continue
as more bloodshed is expected.
Inspector, results of
the tape have come back.
That's not Jackie.
Looks like a setup.
Right.
Come on.
In here.
I must make
a long-distance call.
Call upstairs in the office.
Where is everybody?
They're on their way.
They're in the office.
Go and get them.
Hey. Wait for my orders
on every move.
Yes, sir.
-Uncle Bill, it's Jackie!
-What's happening?
I'm with younger sister.
We were caught.
Please tell me what to do.
Just listen to me.
I briefed the head
of the FSB on your situation.
Don't worry about it.
It's very clear to him.
He knows you're a Hong Kong cop.
-Get our boat ready.
-Yes, sir.
Six tickets, please.
-What happened?
-Quick! He needs an ambulance!
Sorry. You can't come in here.
What's going on?
Take him. Get him up!
Where did they go?
Fix him.
Lock them up.
You two, come with me.
Get him !
Go down! Get him !
Faster!
Go!
Shark!
Sharks don't bite.
Go back in!
There's a shark!
It's just a small shark!
Get the weapon!
Go down!
Did you see it?
Yes, I think so.
I think Jackie has it.
-Go down and get it!
-Two already died.
That's an order!
No. I won't.
I can see them
from the restaurant.
Let's go.
Excuse me. Is that a new show?
-Yeah. What's going on?
-I don't know.
Take a look at this.
What's going on in there?
Get back. Get back!
Back!
Nobody move!
Stay where you are!
Follow me!
-Give me the gun.
-Yes, sir.
Get her.
Move! Get back!
Help! No!
Help!
Let's go.
Go! Go!
No! Let go!
The boat is ready.
Quickly, let's go!
Shut up. Get in.
Good-bye!
Tie her up!
Run!
You have put your country
to shame.
Go. Get moving.
Move it.
Your turn.
When you get back,
write a report...
which is detailed and simple,
starting from the beginning.
Huh?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org